Update 8 + 5.2 (#258)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/boostCountComplex.md

# $boostCount
Returns the guild's number of nitro boosts.

## Syntax
```
$boostCount[guild ID]
```

## Parameters

> - `guild ID`: The guild to get its boosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `guild ID`: The guild to get the number of boosts for.
```
